[docs] Update Development mode video (#31270)
expo/expo: docs/pages/workflow/development-mode.mdx

React Native includes some very useful tools for development: remote JavaScript debugging in Chrome, live reload, hot reloading, and an element inspector similar to the beloved inspector you use in Chrome. If you want to see how to use those tools, see [Debugging](/debugging/runtime-issues/).

> Development mode also performs validations while your app is running to give you warnings. For example, if you're using a deprecated property or if you forgot to pass a required property into a component. The video below shows the Element Inspector and Performance Monitor in action on both Android and iOS simulators:

Author: ```suggestion
Development mode also performs validations while your app is running to give you warnings. For example, if you're using a deprecated property or if you forgot to pass a required property into a component. The video below shows the Element Inspector and Performance Monitor in action on both Android Emulator and iOS Simulator:
```
